I heard the story.
Master, what is the situation of the request?
Yes, please tell me.
Master, I have received the request of the master of the request.
I want to know the reason.
I am a person who supports the request.
So I ask you to tell me the reason.
Youanderl the daughter, please help me.
I want to Lu Mei in Nijuya during my morusing.
or could you bring him back to his prefecture?
The tresure that was obligatory
did not come true.
There is no sense of rest
Nothing is too great...
...but this body is all
ivasm of a hair and a cloth.
Oh ...
To have helped with the pain of his life
if you had birth in the attractiveness
hisמסak already
might encourage you
and give your wish
O judgment
What will I do with such a priceless lover?
Being eternal answers
always warm!